I want to build an EPC focused PMIS (Project Management Information Software) based on a SaaS model.
It should be a PWA with support for mobile and desktop, with temp offline access as project managers may go to office locations with limited network for few hours or days (up to 7 days).

The app should have the following features:
1. Organization, Projects, Project tabs: as PM could work with multiple organizations with multiple projects each.
2. App should hand Task Management & WBS, dependencies, Finish to start, start to start ... etc.
3. App should be able to view above in Gantt, Calendar, Kanban.
4. App should be able to show dashboard and metrics for each project tab.
5. Project tabs are: Overview, WBS & Task Management, Stakeholders, Resources, Risks, Issues, Change Requests, Cost Management, SOP (standard operating procedures), Reports, Analytics.
Each project is up to 5 levels WBS, where the lowest level is a checklist for it's parent.
Each project has Risk management log, issues log, change management log, resource sheet, document file directory, SOP, reports, cost log.
Software should present PMO level (all projects) and filtered projects for following:
Dashboard, cost analytics, Calendar, resource load, inventory management (quantity focused, not actual workflow), report.
Task/WBS level features:
User want to CRUD following to each task: name, resources (multiple resources, MACI matrix), budget cost, actual cost, effort (hours), actual effort (hours), SOP document attachment, Task document/file attachment, evidence gallery, associated risks, associated issues, notes.
User wants to see projects in a regular list/table/card view, Kanban, Gantt, Calendar. 
Typical project management scheduling feature: start to start, finish to start, finish to finish, start to start.
Can be people, equipment, material, services: resource cost can be money per hour, money per use, money per unit.
Cost Page: shows accrued cost analytics, forecasted budget cost and forecasted projected cost.
Progress report, Project Management Plan, resource report, cost report.
Owners (can add and edit), Editors (can edit but not delete or add without permission), Views (can read-comment).
Users should be able to import/export projects as json, or csv.
Ideal design should be: Left bar (houses pined tabs), Top Bar (from left to right: Organisation dropdown, Project dropdown, Project Tabs dropdown, Add+ dropdown, search bar, import/exort, theme toggle, notification toggle, other toggles), Right Bar houses Tab speicific metrics and dashboards, space between the three bars for Tab specific data table (example: WBS Table, Gantt view ... etc) which we can call center table.
Center tables is made of row cards, they are dragable, they show good information about the content, there is a search and filteration on top of the table, users could hide or add columns to the table, there is a check/select boxes on left side of each row for group CRUD operations.
The app follows PMO and PMI termninology and guidelines.
Currency exchange data is sync with reliable source such as European Center bank, default currency is USD, user may pick another currency for each task or project.
We will use specific focused center modals for each new or CRUD data entry, linked to Add in top bar or when clicking on a row in center table.


App features:
Google sign in and google authenticator
Google Drive integration (optional for user)
Google Email integration (optional for user)
Google Gemini AI (optional for user, able to CRUD all above).
Google Translate
Projects can be imported (via downloadable template), or exported in PDF, Google Documents, or Google Sheets, or .md/txt.
Currency selection (default is USD).